{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs22 Current Version: 1.3 RC7\par
\par
\b v1.3 RC7 [released 11 April 2013]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed important error messages not showing in some cases.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed issue where userdir was the current directory.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Changed default code page to be 1252 (hopefully).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: Minor fixes to triggers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: Fixed FROM targeting to countries instead of provinces.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: "building_construction" clauses are now accepted in OOB files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: "strategic_resource" clauses are now accepted in province history clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed various triggers and commands.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.3 RC6 [released 29 March 2013]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved some mod error messages.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed command/trigger issues.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Added option to disable "_adj" checks.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: Fixed some province history issues.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: Fixed some modifier issues.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: Fixed some trigger issues.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.3 RC5 [released 5 March 2013]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Internal updates to the constraint system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Log now removes username and machine name for privacy reasons.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: THIS now always refers to country scope (hopefully) in decisions and events.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: Misc other fixes and the like.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed some event trigger and command issues.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.3 RC4 [released 18 February 2013]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added support for March of the Eagles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}No longer warns on doubles without leading zeros, since that may not be much of an issue.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: Fixed some trigger and command errors.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.3 RC3 [released 10 February 2013]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Some additional logging in pop errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Now allows years up to 9,000,000.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Official support back for Victoria II.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Religions: "max_wives" can now take on a 0 value.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed "on_siege_over" events to have a title as the FROM.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Triggers: "IF" now accepted as well as "if".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed various triggers and command issues.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Opinion modifiers: Added "execute_reason" flag.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.3 RC2 [released 27 January 2013]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed issue with improper event IDs causing crashes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Added scope switch from war trigger to title trigger via "thirdparty_title".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Objectives: Fixed of rep_trade_posts from title to province scopes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Removed a few possibly invalid commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Added various missing scopes, commands, and triggers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Character history: "fertility" commands may now be in date clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Various additional fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.3 RC1 [released 16 January 2013]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Ck2: Character history: Now checks that the twin trait is correctly present or not present, and that the bastard/legit_bastard trait is correctly present or not present.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed bug with incorrect event call IDs leading to a crash.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Various fixes and changes for v1.09.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 [released 5 December 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 In context validation weak matches, now only mentions the possibility of the case being wrong when the LHS weakly matches.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Character history: Fixed issue where deaths with reasons were not being properly parsed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Triggers: "character" trigger now takes a character ID.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC11 [released 1 December 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Modified event call handling code.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3Tfh: Added any_controlled province command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3Tfh: Techs: Added "stealable" option.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: "coup_by" command now takes a tag argument.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed bug where lack of a "mod" folder in the main directory would lead to a crash rather than searching the documents mod folder.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Cultures: Added "from_dynasty_suffix" options.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC10 [released 17 November 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Various fixes to CK2 for patch 1.08.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: By default, modifiers with only a factor no longer give errors, but this can be changed in the settings.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC9 [released 11 November 2012]\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 Added option to ignore most errors using comment ignores.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixes to various triggers and commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Added localization checks for subunits.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Titles: short_name is now allowed in baronies.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: Fixed issue regarding combined_arms unit types in technology files.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC8 [released 3 November 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Ck2: Added ai_* and *_levy_size as modifiers (more specifically, changed their scoping).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed some issues with triggers and commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Added missing scopes and commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed issue with on_actions validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: Fixed issue where the subfolders of province history were not being properly checked.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC7 [The Halloween Update 3] [released 31 October 2012]\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 Ck2: Fixed an issue with parsing CB event calls.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC6 [The Halloween Update 2] [released 31 October 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Ck2: Fixed character effect scanning issue.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Fixed settings file issue.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Add setting for father death before child born.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: CB types are now scanned for event calls.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC5 [The Halloween Update] [released 31 October 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Ck2: Improvements to character history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Eu3: Added "religion_group" province trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: Technology: Added "armor_unit_type" modifier and removed "combined_arms_bonus" modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: Fixed moddir system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: A few improvements to province checking.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Improvements to moddir to check in userdir and my documents.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Various misc fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC4 [released 21 October 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added error code to suppress "this event is triggered only, but is never called" error messages on a case-by-case basis.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: Added more TFH support.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Eu3: Added "manpower" as a province trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Added support for patch 1.07.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ck2: Added option to allow character_event calls to target letter_event, etc.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC3 [released 28 September 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Hoi3: Added initial TFH support.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC2 [released 10 September 2012]\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 Fixed some perf issues that should remove a crash when handling FROM errors with lots of callers.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.2 RC1 [released 26 August 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 CK2: de_jure_liege_or_above now works as a province trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Fixed some FROMFROM cb types issues.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Mission commands now work with FROM.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.1.1 [released 26 August 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 CK2: Fixed bug where the wrong objectives folder was being looked for.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.1 [released 26 August 2012]\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 CK2: Added many missing scope changes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Minor fixes to triggers/commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Added various triggers and commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3 IN: Some fixes to buildings.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Various fixes to triggers and commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Fixed some localization issues.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.1 RC1 [released 5 August 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 CK2: Added music validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3 IN: Fixed buildings validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3 IN: Allows the trigger religion_group in province triggers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: In the rebel type province command, now allows multiple creations of the same types of rebels, so that multiple weak stacks can be formed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Removed some variable duplication checks.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 [released 26 July 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 CK2: Added commands/triggers for province variables.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Fixed crash on parse failure in landed_titles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Fixed some triggers and commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Made FROM valid in the gain_effect of landed_titles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Fixed some triggers and commands.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC13 [released 5 July 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 CK2: Fixed missing "cavalry" command modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Various changes for 1.06b.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Fixes to buildings validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC12 [released 1 July 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 The error show level is now remembered between sessions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Window placement is now remembered between sessions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For date ordering errors, only one is shown per file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Fixed some flag/variable analysis issues.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Some fixes to commands and triggers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: No more complaints about mercenary modifiers missing localization.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Some fixes to commands and triggers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Added buildings validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC11 [released 30 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved the moddir system a bit.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added a few more error codes for the comment ignore system and a few more settings to ignore errors in the ValidatorSettings.txt file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2, Sengoku: Added error codes for "No birth found for character" and "No death found for character".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Removed some invalid event filters, such as "only_capable".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Fixed/added some triggers and commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Added missing localization.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Fixed title localization checking.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Minor fixes and additions to commands and triggers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Added the "local_speed_movement" modifier.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC10 b [released 26 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed crashbug for CK2 and Sengoku.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC10 [released 26 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed GUI text wrapping issue in game selection.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Localization checking is back on the list of items rather than the settings file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}No longer accepts numbers of the form ".XXX" and "-.XXX" as decimal numbers, as the games do not recognize them.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added option to allow leap year February 29s.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Added trigger "difficulty".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Key checking is now on by default.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CK2: Many changes for v1.06.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Sengoku: Key checking is now on by default.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Fixed some issues with the *_in_province triggers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Fixed some THIS issues.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3: Fixed some technology fields, allowing negative numbers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Hoi3: CB types: Added the option for "mutual = yes".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Vic2: Added support for inventions validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC9 [released 16 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updates to EU3 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to Vic2 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the comment error ignore system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed the old error suppression system.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC8 [released 13 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updates to EU3 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to CK2 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to Sengoku validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to Rome validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to Vic2 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to Hoi3 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added option of validation settings file in the game directory.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed most support for the registry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed the strict/loose/barebones options.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed the debug option.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC7 [released 11 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updates to EU3 validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC6 [released 9 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updates to EU3 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to CK2 validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC5 [released 8 June 2012]\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 Updates to EU3 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to Sengoku validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC4 [released 7 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updates to EU3 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to Sengoku validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to CK2 validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC3 [released 3 June 2012]\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Updates to EU3 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to CK2 validation, especially for patch 1.05f.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates to Vic2 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added Sengoku validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC2 [released 16 May 2012]\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Removed a few more error titles.\i\par
\pard Hearts of Iron III\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 FTM: Various changes to align with 1.06b.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Relations now accept "which" as a synonym for "who".\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Triggers: A number of triggers added/modified.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: A number of commands added/modified.\par
\pard\i Crusader Kings II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added triggers monthly_income and controller.\par
\pard\par
\b v1.0 RC1\par
\b0\i General\b\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0\i0 Removed title for localization errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Changed main window caption.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Changed the main UI a bit.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Shortened some game names.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Type mismatch errors now have the UI back for easy fixing.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Opening errors up while still validating is less likely to lead to a crash.\par
\pard\i Crusader Kings II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Triggers: Added character trigger "realm_learning".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Title history: Added complex date checks.\par
\pard\i Europa Universalis III\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved localization checking.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added primary_culture and accepted_culture as province triggers (they were only country triggers before).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Maps: Added some missing rotation/nudge factors in positions.txt.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved localization checking.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta [released 11 May 2012]\b0\par
\i Crusader Kings II\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Various changes and fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC9 [released 4 May 2012]\b0\par
\i Crusader Kings II\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Various changes and fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC8 [released 2 May 2012]\b0\par
\i Crusader Kings II\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Various changes and fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC7 [released 2 May 2012]\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Removed FROM error messages when the event is never called.\par
\pard\i Crusader Kings II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Various changes and fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC6 [released 1 May 2012]\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed a bug with persisting settings.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed some message titles.\par
\pard\i Crusader Kings II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Various changes and fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC5 [released 28 April 2012]\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Cut context validation time by about 1/3 through brilliant techniques (one benchmark from 37 to 22 seconds). [Note: not actually brilliant. More like I removed a piece of often-called code that was doing the exact same thing twice for no good reason.]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added an option to turn off self-validation, and by default it is off; this reduces startup times somewhat.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Disabled Vic2, Rome, EU3 IN, EU3 HTTT, HOI3, and HOI3SF by default. However to get them back, you can run EnableOlderVersions.bat. This reduces clutter and loading time.\par
\pard\i Crusader Kings II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Various changes and fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC4 [released 27 April 2012]\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Removed the option to have the Validator fix localization by adding or removing columns (because honestly, who really cares?).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Localization now cares much less about the number of columns.\par
\pard\i Crusader Kings II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Various fixes and additions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updates for upgrade to patch 1.05b.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added positions validation.\par
\pard\i Hearts of Iron III (most/all of which are thanks to Zerli)\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Triggers: Added country trigger "brigade_exists".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger "exists" taking a Bool.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Country trigger "government" now takes ThisCountry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Country trigger "is_possible_vassal" now takes a Tag argument.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Country command "government" now takes ThisGovernment.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added province command "infrastructure".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added the officer_pool command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added "industrial_efficiency" country command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Added scope change "capital_scope" from CountryTrigger to ProvinceTrigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Added scope change "controller" from CountryTrigger to CountryTrigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Added scope change "any_neighbor_province" from CountryTrigger to ProvinceTrigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Searches the cb_types files for event calls.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: option triggers are now supported.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CB types: Changed "war_name" to be optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}FTM: CB types: Added allowed_provinces, threat, and allowed_regions clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CB types: Changed the "war_name" to accept any type of string.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}FTM: Units: Added optional attribute "can_upgrade".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}FTM: OOB history: Added optional attribute "is_reserve".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}FTM: OOB history: Added convoy construction data.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Leader history: Made the 'picture' attribute optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Decisions: Made "potential" and "allow" both optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added positions.txt validation.\par
\pard\i EU3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 DW: Triggers: Added "start_date" trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added positions.txt checks.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added positions validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC3\b0\par
\i Crusader Kings II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Various fixes and additions.\par
\pard\i Europa Universalis III\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed 'dynasty' issue in event commands.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Various fixes, including additions for beta patch 2.3.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC2 (released 31 March 2012)\b0\par
\i Crusader Kings II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Various additions.\par
\pard\i Europa Univeralis III\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Various fixes.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Added crime validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added national focus validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}AHD: Moved to the Clausewitz2 modding system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}AHD: Fixed a crashbug when validating country history.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Additional minor fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.21 beta RC1 (released 27 March 2012)\b0\par
\i General\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Validation options area now takes advantage of extra space.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some support for CK2 validation added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some support for Vic2: AHD validation added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updated and improved the call search system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Type mismatch error dialog: Will no longer incorrectly display underscores.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed some encoding issues when reading and writing files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed root path from error log when validating without a mod.\par
\pard\i Europa Universalis III\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Map checking now will check the adjacencies.csv file.\par
\pard\i Hearts of Iron III\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added checks for adjacencies.csv, continent.csv, and region.txt.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Added checks for adjacencies.csv, continent.csv, and region.txt.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added issues validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.20 beta (Released 9 January 2012)\b0\par
\i Hearts of Iron III\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Localization: Fixed bug where entries of differing  cases were reported as duplicates (and actually, unlike everything else, the localization files are case-sensitive for some bizarre reason).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Units: The "priority" field may take on a double, not just an int.\par
\pard\i Europa Univeralis III\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Localization: Fixed bug where entries of differing  cases were reported as duplicates (and actually, unlike everything else, the localization files are case-sensitive for some bizarre reason).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Trigger "papacy_active" may now be used in HTT.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Localization: Fixed bug where entries of differing  cases were reported as duplicates (and actually, unlike everything else, the localization files are case-sensitive for some bizarre reason).\par
\pard\i EU Rome\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Localization: Fixed bug where entries of differing  cases were reported as duplicates (and actually, unlike everything else, the localization files are case-sensitive for some bizarre reason).\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.20 beta RC2 (Released 1 January 2012)\b0\par
\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Commands: Moved the REGION=\{\} scope from country scope to any scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: The option name may now be a string instead of a key.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Moved the REGION=\{\} scope from country scope to any scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Province trigger "controlled_by" now accepts ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: "is_primary_culture" may now take cultures and ThisOnly* in pop, country, and province scope.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.20 beta RC1 (released 30 December 2011)\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Context validation: Context validators may now specify a FromTarget.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Context validation: From* and ThisOnly* have been added, along with the already existing This* constraints.\par
\pard\i Hearts of Iron III\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 FTM: Commands: "coup_by" no longer takes THIS, only FROM (i.e. from ThisCountry to FromCountry).\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Changed the adjacency file parsing to expect 5 columns, but allow extra columns.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Casus belli: Changed "is_valid" to "can_use" as per patch 1.4.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Casus belli: Added "peace_order" root entry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Casus belli: Added some valid uses of "FROM".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added country command "leadership = X".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added country command "primary_culture".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Country command "create_vassal" may now take ThisCountry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Province command "remove_core" may now take ThisOnlyCountry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added country command "ruling_party_ideology".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Made corrections to country command "war": Added "call_ally"; multiple goals allowed; "state_province_id" and "country"  wargoal modifiers added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: TAG=\{\} is now accepted in all scopes, not just country scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Titles and descriptions no longer have to be localization keys but can be any strings.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Added an "immediate" clause to country events.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added ideology percent checks and issue percent checks to region and pop scopes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger "has_recently_lost_war".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger "is_disarmed".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added province trigger "controlled_by_rebels".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added province trigger "terrain".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added province trigger "is_overseas".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added province trigger "province_control_days".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger "is_secondary_power".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Country trigger "war_with" may now take ThisCountry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Country trigger "controlled_by" may now take ThisCountry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added scope switch "any_core" from country to province scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Trigger "is_possible_vassal" now correctly takes a tag instead of a bool.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added scope switch "any_pop" from country to pop scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Tag=\{\} is now accepted in all scopes, not just country scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: The exists trigger now works in all scopes, not just country scope.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.19 beta (released 28 December 2011)\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed several potential crash bugs.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved several error messages.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Fixed a potential crash when parsing event-related files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added additional debug logging for MEF failures.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixes crash when text editor parameters are invalid.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Changed uniqueness comparison to ignore case.\par
\pard\i Internal\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Selectors: Support for '#' to signify left and '!' to signify right has been removed.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Triggers: The 'region' trigger may be used multiple times even in an 'and' clause now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added culture validation.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added initial FTM support.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added unit models validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added diplomatic history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added war history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Added the possibility of AI chance clauses having modifiers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifiers: Triggered modifiers may now have only one of "potential" and "trigger".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added building province trigger.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.18 beta (released 25 June 2011)\b0\par
\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 DW: Triggers: Added country trigger "primitives".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Modifiers: Added modifiers "land_forcelimits_modifier", "local_ship_cost", "local_ship_repair", and "naval_forcelimits_modifier".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: In loose mode, made the following country commands usable in province scope: 'treasury', 'army_tradition', 'navy_tradition'.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.17 beta (released 6 June 2011)\b0\par
\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 DW: Technology: Added "naval_maintenance" entry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added "previous_owner" province trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added "religion_group" province trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The "specific unit" type is no longer case-sensitive.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifiers: Added "local_regiment_cost" modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Modifiers: Added "[faction]_influence" modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: Added commands for adding specific units in country and province scopes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Province history: Added the possibility of setting and clearing province flags.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.16 beta (released 5 April 2011)\b0\par
\i Vic2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Units: "river" has been added as a valid terrain modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Unit history: The "home" entry is now optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: is_sphere_leader_of now accepts a ThisCountry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger is_our_vassal.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added region triggers average_conciousness and average_militancy.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Tech: start_year and first_offset may now have the zero value.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}There is now an option to have all country commands/triggers be usable in province scope. Please don't use it.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.15 beta (released 14 Feb 2011)\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved parse error message when encountering a smart quote.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved general parsing.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Errors in .mod files will now be reported in the error log instead of causing a soft crash.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 DW: Decisions: Added "ai_importance" clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: Added "[faction]_influence" country command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Policies: "[faction]_influence" now works for different factions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: "religion_group" now works only in country scope.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Triggers: Added province trigger "is_core".\par
\pard\i Vic2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added technology validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger 'big_producer'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger 'rank'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger 'total_pops'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added scope switch from province to country trigger 'any_core'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Rebel types: Added optional node 'allow_all_culture_groups'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Now instead of just "months" in mean time to happen, one can put "days" or "years".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Diplomatic history: Added "alliance" clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Units: The maneuver clause is now optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Units: Added terrain modifiers.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.14 beta (released 21 Jan 2011)\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Removed FTG support from the main package.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the possibility of Europa-based validation through the library \line Dev\\Audax.Clausewitz.Validator.Europa.dll.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Changed the root namespace from Audax.Clausewitz.Validator to Audax.Validator.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Renamed to Audax.Validator.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 HT: Modifiers: Changed "cultural_tradition_decay" from Int to PDblP.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: Added "free_vassal" and "white_peace" commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: The search path for event calls has been expanded to include shogunate decisions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Country history: "faction = <faction>" can now have multiple instances.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Missions: In province missions, "effect", "abort_effect", and "immediate" now accept both province and country commands.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.13 beta\b0\par
\i Internal\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Removed the PdoListItemConstraint constraint.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Modifiers: Added "global_rare_materials" and "global_energy".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Commands: Added country command "fuel".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Tech: Added "transport_capability" to naval brigade change stats.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 H3T: Maps: There is now the option of allowing wasteland provinces within the natives file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added "tech_difference" trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added "trading_part" trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added country trigger "horde_war".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Country history: Multiple "<faction> = #" clauses now accepted.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: Added "revoke_reform" command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: The spies.txt file is now taken into account when determining whether an isTriggeredOnly event is unreachable.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Changed "factions.txt" to "faction.txt" as it should be.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.12 beta (released 9 Jan 2011)\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed crash bug when validating certain kinds of events (regarding missing "id").\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For advanced date checking in country and province history, modified an error message slightly to be clearer.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 DW: Country history: "daimyo = emperor" is accepted.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Country history: Added "faction = faction_name" entry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Country history: Added "<faction_name> = Int" entry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Added factions validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added country trigger "is_kampaku".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added country trigger "shogunate_civil_war".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added country triggers "has_faction", "faction_in_power", and "faction_influence".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: Added country command "become_shogun".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: "become_kampaku" now accepts "no".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: Added country command "endorse_kampaku".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: Added country commands "faction_influence", "add_faction", and "remove_faction".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Modifiers: Added modifier "monthly_shogun_influence".\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.11 beta (released 8 Jan 2011)\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Country history: Date checking less likely to crash.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Date checking less likely to crash.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Made date checking slightly more strict: Years of 0 are now invalid, and the maximum year is 9999.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 OOB: Added optional 'can_upgrade' to land units, navies, and air forces.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger '[Brigade] = X' to check for the number of brigades in existence.\par
\pard\i Vic2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added modifier validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added national values validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added sound validation.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added Divine Wind to the list of options.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added technology validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Country history: Added optional "daimyo" option.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Country history: Added optional "shogun" entry in a date clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Triggers: Added triggers for the shogun and factions system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Commands: Added commands for the shogun and factions system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Decisions: Added decision group "shogunate_decisions".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Casus bellis: Added shogun system peace options.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Casus bellis: Added "nomad" option.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}DW: Added various other things.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.10 beta (released 11 Dec 2010)\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed a bug with context validation where for example "owner = HAN" would be interpreted as opening an owner subscope (i.e. owner = \{ \}) with no children, hence passing validation.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 OOB: Added the strength property to wings, ships, and regiments.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}OOB: Added the builder property to wings, ships, and regiments.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}OOB: Added the experience property to military construction.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Countries: Added the death_date property to ministers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: war_with works in province as well as country scope now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Fixed lost_national to accept positive doubles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: In country scope, added switch to a specific continent.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: num_of_revolts now works in province as well as country scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: secede_province now works in country as well as province scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added scope switch to a specific continent.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Fixed bug where checking country history but not countries would cause the country history option to be continually unselected.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Paths are now checked for being in a proper format, duplicate tags, and missing files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Added more options for dates and improved date handling.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Validation of files (e.g. duplicate IDs, etc) has been merged into normal province history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Added more options for dates and improved date handling.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Country history: Paths are now checked for being in a proper format, duplicate tags, and missing files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Added more options for dates and improved date handling.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Paths are now checked for being in a proper format, duplicate tags, and missing files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Added more options for dates and improved date handling.\par
\pard\i Vic2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Country history: Paths are now checked for being in a proper format, duplicate tags, and missing files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Added more options for dates and improved date handling.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Paths are now checked for being in a proper format, duplicate tags, and missing files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Added more options for dates and improved date handling.\par
\pard\i EuRome\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Country history: Paths are now checked for being in a proper format, duplicate tags, and missing files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Added ability to set governors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Added 'law' setting.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Added more options for dates and improved date handling.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Paths are now checked for being in a proper format, duplicate tags, and missing files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Added more options for dates and improved date handling.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Traits: Added optional congenital attribute.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.9 beta (Released 2010 Dec 6)\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug that could cause a crash when opening multiple errors at the same time.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved the handling of file paths in PDOX.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Commands: define_advisor no longer requires a skill entry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: The spawn_rebels commands now accepts friend as optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: The province command for rebel creation now accepts only non-negative doubles rather than all doubles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added ThisCountry to dominant_religion and dominant_culture.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Date clauses are now checked for left uniqueness.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country history: Date clauses can now contain unit_type.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Fixed bug where non-empty revolt clauses were being reported.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the ability to list all events.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added the ability to list all events.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Country and province events now have the same ID list when checking for unique IDs.\par
\pard\i Rome\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added the ability to list all events.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed a number of crash bugs.\par
\pard\i Vic2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added the ability to list all events.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.8 beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed a soft-crash bug that occurred with Victoria II (see (1)).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed the messages "Beginning _!Hidden validation..." and "_!Hidden validation complete!" from multiple validators.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the option to hide vanilla errors when validating a mod.\par
\pard\i Internal\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 ScriptConstraint: Will no longer crash when one or more sources of a MakeEnumValidator command is unavailable. (1)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The Empty constraint has been moved from code to Global.pdox; now it is usable in a node switcher declaration, among others.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The NodeSwitcher constraint now accepts an implicit complex constraint as its argument.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed the Checks constraint as it served no useful purpose; also edited all files to comply with its removal.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Implemented a data source model.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed the CsvValidator job.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed the PdoxValidator job.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The DefaultValidator job now has support for multiple formats via the data source model.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modified the script task to utilize the new data source model.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The enum system has been modified to allow the use of the new data source model.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved Units validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added 'define_general' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added province history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added pop validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added rebel type validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added casus belli validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added diplomacy history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added war history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added 'move_issue_percentage' country command.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Province history: Date clauses are now checked for uniqueness within a file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history: Revolts now have an optional size entry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}HT: Commands: To country command "primary_culture" added ThisCountry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}HT: Commands: Added culture_group_union country command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Localization: Extra columns are accepted.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Localization: Extra columns are accepted.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Fixed soft crash on encountering a "change_variable" country command.\par
\pard\i Rome\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Localization: Extra columns are accepted.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.7 beta (Released 2010 Oct 11)\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added additional tracing.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Within restricted number expression creator, fixed double parsing to use an invariant culture.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added flag tracing.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added unit validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.6 beta (Released 2010 Sep 12)\b0\par
\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added country history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added many commands and triggers.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.5 beta (Released 2010 Sep 08)\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed: Sometimes, changing strictness options would not save correctly.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Cultures: When "first_names" and "last_names" clauses appear in a culture group, a warning will be given.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Maps: Fixed localization problem.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Advisors: The check that factor should not equal 1.0 has been moved to within the modifier clause, where it belongs.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed: Validation would crash after using "Clear All" or "Alternate Selection" in the Validation Options menu.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed: The "Trace Flags" option did not have an effect.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed: Flag tracing does not take history files into account.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed: Validation would crash after using "Clear All" or "Alternate Selection" in the Validation Options menu.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed: The "Trace Flags" option did not have an effect.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed: Flag tracing does not take history files into account.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.4 beta (released 2010 Sep 06)\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added the option of a "BareBones" Strictness mode.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the ability to have options for specific validators.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Support for Crusader Kings I has been removed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Support for Victoria I has been removed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Support for Hearts of Iron II has been removed.\par
\pard\i Internal\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Documentation has been improved.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Node templates (e.g. "Optional") are no longer hardcoded.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added RestrictedNumber task for easier declaration.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The moddir system is no longer hardcoded to specific values.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The self-validation system now uses MEF for method discovery.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The package system now uses MEF for discovery.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}To EnsureConstraint, added the operation "Count".\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Commands: "random_center_of_trade" is now valid in both Country and Province scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands/triggers: "any_center_of_trade" is now valid in both Country and Province scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: "secede_province", "change_controller", "remove_core" and "add_core" in province scope will now accept "this" pointing to a province root.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger "is_vassal" accepting a bool value.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: When searching for events calls to determine uncalled events, the "immediate" clauses of events are checked.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands/triggers: "relation" is now accepted in Province scope as well as Country scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: "units_in_province" now accepts ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added country command "force_converted".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added province trigger "had_province_flag".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: "any_province" scope now works within a province command as well.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: "any_province" is no longer valid.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added "any_ally" scope change to country scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: "set_revolution_target" now works in province scope as well as country scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger "is_colonial".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Maps: The natives file is not checked for every land province being included (unless an option is set).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Maps: The climate is file for every land province being included (unless an option is set).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Rebel types: The "define_ruler" command, used within rebel types, now considers the "rebel" clause optional, and accepts optionally any of the normal clauses in "define_ruler".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Command 'capital' is now usable as both a country and province command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Added a check for MTTH modifiers that there are conditions in the modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Advisors: Added a check for modifiers that there are conditions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added ideas validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the option to check flags and variables.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added partial event validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added partial decision validation.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Events: Added a check for MTTH modifiers that there are conditions in the modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the option to check flags and variables.\par
\pard\b\par
v0.8.3 beta (released 2010 Aug 19)\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed a bug with node selection - when the target of a CriteriaYielder has no results, there will be no crash.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When the target of a CriteriaYielder has multiple results or no results, an error will be reported.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added delayed corrections suggestions to Type Mismatch errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some Victoria II support added.\par
\pard\i Internals\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Script node errors will display the location of the problem.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CSV Validator: New entry "AllowExtraColumns", which, when set to true, will allow extra columns without complaint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added an IconRefConstraint to package Core.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}To ValidateFileConstraint, added hybrid Format attribute.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}To ValidateFileConstraint, fixed bug where ConditionalName, as a named attribute, would not be recognized.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Created Constraint WithDicEnum.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modified task Script to support DicEnum creation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved flexibility and performance of node selection.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Locals: Int.Increment now accepts integers in the form X.000 (i.e. with a zeroed decimal).\par
\pard\i Ftg\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Events: "action" can be used in place of "action_[abcd]".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Map: Added adj-defs validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Map: Added geography validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Map: Added special province validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Map: Added province validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Countries: In the "new_colony" field, any tag is accepted now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: In debug mode, multiple instances of the "capital" command will be accepted.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Countries: In debug mode, political map color and leader name tag are case-insensitive.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Cultures: In debug mode, cultural map color is case-insensitive.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events: Actions now accept triggers in their roots.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Geography: In debug mode, Region and Area are now case-insensitive.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: NAT has been added to the list of valid tags in a scenario.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added the 'sleepevent' clause in INC files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: The 'flagname' clause is now optional in the scenario header.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added option 'absolutestartyear' clause in the scenario header.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: In the scenario header, 'startyear' and 'startdate' are now optional, but at least one must be included.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added optional 'failure' clause in a CoT definition.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: The maximum number of merchants in a CoT has been corrected from 30 to 20.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Countries with merchants in a CoT now have their tags checked for existence.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added an optional 'value' clause to CoT merchant definitions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added an optional 'startdate' clause to alliance declarations.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added optional 'attackerscore' and 'defenderscore' clauses to war declarations.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Province definition native clauses will now accept any non-negative integer.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: To province definitions, added optional 'tolerance', 'ferocity', and 'hre' clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: There can now be sea province definitions, with clauses of 'winter' or 'storm'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: The limit on CoT numbers has been changed from 30 to 69.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: In debug mode, the 'treasury' clause has been made optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: In a country definition, added 'elector', 'estimation', 'lastbankruptcy', 'vp', 'basevp', ledger', 'loan', 'landmaintenance', 'navalmaintenance', 'navalpercentage', 'landpercentage', 'tepercentage', 'pepercentage', 'stabilitypercentage', 'diplomaticdates', 'historicalmonarch', 'revoltrisk', 'combatlosses', attritionlosses', disbandlosses', 'warexhaustion', 'manpower', and 'treasurypercentage' clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: In a country definition, the AI clause may now hold an inline block of instructions, as well as point to a file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: In the city clause, added 'culture', 'running', and 'datecompleted'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added optional 'guarenteed' clause to country relations.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: 'value' clause of country relations is now a double.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: The 'badboy' clause of a country definition now accepts any non-negative double.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Army and navy numbers in units are now non-negative doubles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: In unit clauses, 'inf', 'art', and 'cav' are now accepted.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: In unit clauses, added 'movetime' and 'movement' clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Units can now have multiple leaders assigned.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: For navies, added an optional 'port' clause.\par
\pard\i Victoria II\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added bookmarks validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added localization validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country colors validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added religion validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added traits validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added culture validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added goods validation.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 GraphicalCultureType: The graphical culture type "" has been removed. Parsing of the file slightly improved.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.2 beta (released 2010 Aug 08)\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 When displaying an element path ending in a list node for the PDO format, rather than being labeled "Item[X]", the actual value of the list item will be displayed.\par
\pard\i Internals\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Node selector: When selecting a right-side string, it will first be checked whether the node is a value element.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}ComplexConstraint: When the first member of a complex constraint is an element judge, ElementIsInstance will return false if the first member's ElementIsInstance returns false.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 H3T: Added revolt triggers validation.\par
\pard\i Ftg\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added many scenario checks and generally improved scenario validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}AI validation is complete.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8.1 beta (released 2010 Aug 07)\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Instead of assertions, exceptions will be thrown in many cases.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The NodeSwitcher constraint allows enumerations to be added, and has a "MarkChecked" property, that when set to false, will not mark the operated node as checked.\par
\pard\i Rome\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Commands: Added province command 'change_controller'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: The command 'add_core' in province scope will now accept Tags, but not ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added to country triggers scopes 'civil_war_faction', 'previous_ruler', and 'ally'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added to province triggers scopes 'sea_zone' and 'any_trade_route'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands/Triggers: Added many items of questionable scope - e.g. stability triggers within province scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Triggers 'is_friend' and 'is_rival' now accept ThisCountry as well as ThisChar.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: The sum of probabilities in a random list no longer has to sum to 100.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added 'spouse' scope in character scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added 'sibling' and 'family' triggers with value ThisChar.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added 'merc_*' character commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added 'change_charisma' as an synonym to 'charisma'.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Triggers: Province trigger 'has_discovered' now accepts ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Country trigger 'army' now accepts ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Country trigger 'navy' now accepts ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Commands: 'add_casus_belli' and 'casus_belli' no longer accept ThisCountry, ThisProvince, and Tag.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Commands: 'casus_belli | add_casus_belli'.'target' now accepts ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Commands: 'remove_casus_belli | this_remove_casus_belli'.'target' now accepts ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Commands: 'kill_heir' now accepts ThisProvince as an argument.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: 'kill_ruler' now accepts ThisProvince as an argument.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: "is_core" as a province trigger will now accept an argument of "yes".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: 'kill_ruler' now accepts "yes" as an argument.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Events: Country events called by the on_action "on_hre_province_reconquest" will be recognized as province events.\par
\pard\i Ftg\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added partial AI validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.8\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 No external changes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.17 internal beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added the possibility of nameless nodes (i.e. A = \{ \{ ... \} \} ) to the PDO parser.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Made it easier to describe PDO lists with a PdoListItem constraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Many PDO lists have been converted to use a PdoListItem constraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "[" and "]" as valid starting characters in a PDO file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The PDO format now supports conditionals in the form '\'a4IF XXX', '\'a4ELSE', and '\'a4ENDIF'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Games based on the Clausewitz validation will now have mods worked as before, though using the "name" argument in the .mod file still works.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Triggers: Country trigger 'technology_group' now accepts THIS when in reference to a country.\par
\pard\i Ftg\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Commands: Command 'provinceculture' now accepts -1 as a value, indicating the primary culture of the country receiving the event.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added to permissible values in a province definition 'looted' (and 'date'), 'manpower', 'province_revoltrisk', 'mine', and 'goods'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: province definition 'income' has been changed from PositiveInt to NonNegInt.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: When a mod is used, scenarios in vanilla will not be checked. (To do so, the Scenarios folder has been given a 'replace' characteristic, as opposed to 'extend'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Leaders: When validating a mod, invalid files in the vanilla folder will not trigger an error (i.e. having a file "leaders_ABC.txt" in vanilla will not trigger an error if there is no such tag "ABC" in the mod).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Monarchs: When validating a mod, invalid files in the vanilla folder will not trigger an error (i.e. having a file "monarchs_ABC.txt" in vanilla will not trigger an error if there is no such tag "ABC" in the mod).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Fixed invalid warning in clause 'flagname' in case of ' ABC = Blah DEF = Blah '; now the warning will warn about ' ABC = Blah ABC = MoreBlah '.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added 'combat' clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added 'leader' as a synonym for 'wakeleader'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Localization: Will no longer crash if a mod has a language not included in the base game.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}'ai' clauses will no longer crash if their value is not a string.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Now recognizes 'option' clauses in the header, and will use their default values.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: The 'name' clause in units is now optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added optional 'loansize' to country definitions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: The following entries in country definitions are now optional: colonialattempts, colonialnation, major, colonists, merchants, inflation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: The 'date' entry in a country's policy definition is now optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added optional 'trade' and 'guarenteed' clauses to a country's relation list.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Added optional 'historicalleader' to a country's unit clauses.\par
\pard\i Victoria\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 'ai' clauses will no longer crash if their value is not a string.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 SF: Oob: Added optional 'organisation' clause to wings, regiments, and ships.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifiers: Added 'global_metal' modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Country trigger 'faction' now accepts THIS in reference to a country, as well as Factions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Added country trigger 'total_amount_of_brigades'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Non-SF: Triggers: Province trigger 'province_id' has been removed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifiers: Added 'local_manpower' and 'local_leadership' modifiers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Triggers: Added 'land_fort' province trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Events: Added 'triggered_only_once' to country events.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Commands: Added 'surrender_inherit' country command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Commands: Added province commands (already country commands) 'add_country_modifier', 'clr_global_flag', and 'set_global_flag'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Triggers: Added province triggers (already country triggers) 'tag' and 'has_global_flag'.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.16 internal beta\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Moddir system has been overhauled internally for greater extensibility.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved list recognition slightly (by making sure that the document format is Pdox before scanning checking for list of childless elements.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}While validation is running, the Scheme selection combo box is disabled to prevent change.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Audax.Clausewitz.Validator.exe and Audax.Clausewitz.Validator.Core.dll are now signed with strong names.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Localization is now supported in the form of seperate translation files, as well as legacy inline translation.\par
\pard\i Ftg\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Many restricted number validators now show the actual value.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Localization now works right with mods (i.e. a mod without a language in the base will no longer generate a multitude of errors).\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Commands: 'remove_province_modifier' now checks that the modifier is a real modifier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: 'add_province_modifier' has been fixed to take a clause rather than a string.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Events: Added 'fire_only_once' and 'subtitle' to province events.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands: Added province commands 'set_province_flag' and 'clr_province_flag'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: 'province_id' now accepts both land and sea provinces.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Triggers: Added province triggers 'last_battle_winner_losses' and 'last_battle_loser_losses'.\par
\pard\i Ck\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Scenarios: streamlined internal validation logic, akin to recent Victoria improvement.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed dynasty  validation - this is now a part of scenario validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Uniqueness of dynasty province lists is now checked.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province effects: Fixed false duplication positive in vanilla files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province improvements: Checks for duplication in 'required_advances' and 'required_province_improvements'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added tags 'U000' and 'U001'.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 IN: Fixed crash when validating maps.\par
\pard\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improvements in scenario validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.15 internal beta\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added a "shared" scope - between global scope and private scope, sharing its contents only with the file that referenced it with an Includes clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Error dialogs: Error dialog for parse failures no longer has an extraneous "= \{ \}" wrapping the text.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Error dialogs: The comboboxes in error dialogs for type mismatch errors will open fast, even if they contain many items.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug where some enum validators reported that they were case insensitive even though they were not.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed file corruption when double quotes were inputed into certain text fields in the Settings dialog.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed UI bug where opening a Details dialog on certain types of errors (e.g. TypeMismatchError, ParseFailureError) would, upon dialog closing, leave the context menu nonfunctional, as well as selecting an additional item without holding down modifiers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The registry is now able to add, delete, and edit entries.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug in context validation where sometimes the right side would be reported as in error whereas the left side was in error.\par
\pard\i Ftg\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Now no longer designated "INCOMPLETE".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: A country's knownprovinces now accepts lake provinces.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Tags in wars and alliances are checked for being a part of the tag list.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Now checks for duplicate IDs.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Leaders: Common alternate casings of 'remark' have been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Monarchs: Common alternate casings of 'remark' have been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Common alternate casings of months have been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Common alternate casings of policies have been added.\par
\pard\i Victoria\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Events: Empty command entries are now accepted.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: The old validation system requiring the creation of new modules has been replaced with a lightweight version making use of Locals.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: VIP's system of multiple EUG files no longer throws errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: AI file paths are now validated.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: Improved ID validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Scenarios: General validation improvements.\par
\pard\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Removed the 'incomplete' designation.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added the option to validate SF.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Fixed reading of TechCategory by scanning the 'practical' and 'theoretical' nodes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Units: Added optional 'can_be_pride' field to naval brigades.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added command 'supply_consumption'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: OOBs: Added optional 'pride' field to ships.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Laws: Added 'cost' field to laws.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Events: Added province events.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added building validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added combat event validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Technology: Modded combat events will now be able to be set as expected; whereas before the default combat events were hardcoded.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Cabinet positions are now dynamically loaded rather than being hardcoded.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Countries: Minister positions are no longer hardcoded, and each position may at most have one entry.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Countries: Ministers' traits are now checked for correctness.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Minister positions are no longer hardcoded.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'decay' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'air_organisation' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'offmap_land_intel' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'offmap_industry_intel' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'offmap_political_intel' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'peace_offmap_intel' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'threat_impact' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'suseptibility', '_allies', '_axis', '_comintern' commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'defend_reinforce_chance' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'air_organisation' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'attack_reinforce_chance' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'territorial_pride' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifier commands: Added 'naval_capacity' command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added minister trait validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifiers: The uniqueness of modifier names is now checked.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Added achievement validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Triggers: Added country triggers 'air_battles_fought', 'land_battles_fought', and 'naval_battles_fought'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The "units" folder is scanned one less time, by merging the creation of Brigade with a script creating LandBrigade, AirBrigade, and NavalBrigade.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Added unit upgrade validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SF: Added faction aims validation.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 H3T: Added modifier 'cultural_tradition_decay'.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Policies: 'on_left' and 'on_right' now accept 0 as an indicator of no action.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Maps: The climate file will accept ocean provinces in "impassable" climates, with warning.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Maps: Each region will check for uniqueness of entries within itself.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Maps: It is now possible to disable the warning about not all provinces being present in the climate file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Maps: It is now possible to disable the warning about not all provinces being present in the natives file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Maps: It is now possible to disable the warning about wasteland provinces being present in the region file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Triggers: 'national_focus' is now also a country trigger, accepting a province ID.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.14 internal beta\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added 'node' and 'arg' parameters to RestrictedNumber constraints.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved error messages for various types of numbers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Slightly improved heuristics for recognition of complex types.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added a "strict" validation mode which will print warnings as well as errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The option of "debug" mode is now available through the options dialog box.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug in the duplication error where the error was always assumed to be on the left.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved error message for duplication errors in lists.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug where attempting to search for a culture that did not exist would result in a crash.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the concept of "locals".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The Ensure and OldScenarioValidator constraints have been made obsolete; while they can still be used it is inadvisable to do so.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed crash when utilizing the AtMostOne constraint.\par
\pard\i Ftg\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Event commands: Added "-1" as a valid "value" in the "gainmanufactory" command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event commands: Added [-1 .. -7] as valid tags.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event commands: Added "cash" as a \f1 synonym \f0 for "treasury".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event commands: Added "addcore" as a deprecated synonym for "addcore_national".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event commands: Added "removecore" as a deprecated synonym for "removecore_national".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event commands: Added "infantry", "cavalry", and "artillery" as synonyms for "inf", "cav", and "art".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event commands: Added "monarch" as a synonym for "wakemonarch".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event commands: Added "secedeprovince" as a deprecated synonym for "cedeprovince".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event triggers: Added "core" as a deprecated synonym for "core_national".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added leader validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added revolt file validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event commands: Empty command clauses are now allowed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added scenario validation.\par
\pard\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Finished AI validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.13 internal beta\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added the ability to "catch" validation errors and perform actions such as appending additional information to the error message.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed dependency on the F# library, which was causing problems with some users.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved a validation error message when validating certain types of events from older games.\b\par
\pard\b0\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 H3T: Wasteland provinces are no longer expected in natives.txt.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ocean provinces are now accepted in region.txt.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Errors in map validation are better explained.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"hre_size", "has_hre_emperor_modifier" and "has_hre_member_modifier" are now province triggers as well as country triggers.\par
\pard\i Ftg\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added country validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added technology group validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added special country validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added cultures validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added goods validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added localization validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added event validation, which still appears to have many false positives.\par
\pard\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved AI validation.\par
\pard\i Rome\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug in event validation where events called only by character events were errorneously reported as having no callers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added trait validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved event validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.12 internal beta\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved an error message for items in a list.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed crash in unique ID constraint in certain specific cases.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Validation jobs can now have tooltips, by adding a localizable Description node.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added more internal error checks to node selection clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed a bug in the parser where a single comment mark in a file, with no other contents, would cause the validator to crash.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}A bug in context validation has been fixed - now, only one ContextValidatorInfo is accepted, whereas before multiple ContextValidatorInfo would leave the system in an unstable state.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Context validation is now lazily loaded - unless context validation is needed, files will not be scanned.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added modifier command "merc_maintenance_modifier".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Region files are now checked so that wasteland provinces are not included in any regions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Continent files are now checked for duplicate provinces.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Continent files are now checked to make sure that all land provinces are included.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country files: graphical_culture field is now checked.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Climate files are now checked.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Native files are now checked.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country trigger "hre_size".\par
\pard\i Victoria\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added missing self-validation for RunPopValidator.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.11 internal beta\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed crash when double clicking on certain types of errors regarding contextual command/trigger validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed potential out-of-memory error, which also causes validation to speed up greatly.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When a document cannot be parsed, as much of the document as possible will be shown.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added event modifiers "naval_organisation" and "offmap_naval_intel".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events called from decisions will now correctly allow FROM calls.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Trigger check_variable and commands set_variable and change_variable now work in province as well as country scope.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.10 internal beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Now requires .NET Framework 4.0\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed Lua scripting.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Drastic revision of internals.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The booter requires only .NET Framework 2.0.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The booter checks if .NET Framework 4.0 is installed.\par
\pard\i Victoria\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Minister personalities are now hardcoded (as they should be), instead of being sought in the personality_effects.csv file (which is unreliable).\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Combined static modifier, triggered modifier, and event modifier validation into one.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added validation of region.txt, continent.txt, climate.txt, and natives.txt.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Rebel types: "siege_won_trigger" and "siege_won_effect" are now optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Per the new beta patch, the "idea" trigger will now work in province scope as well.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3t: Per the new beta patch, the "manpower" trigger now has meaning in province scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Per the new beta patch, "controlled_by = REB" is now a valid trigger in rebel type definitions.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug resulting in many warnings about "NonNegativeInt".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed some problems with warnings about events not being called, when in fact they were called in "on_actions.txt".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug causing event validation to fail.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed event validation problem where decisions were not correctly searched while finding event calls.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}There are now extra warnings about calls in "on_actions.txt", which is unfortunate.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.9 internal beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 There are no longer any unnecessary status messages when validation is complete.\par
\pard\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Additional AI validation has been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Localization: Lines with only semicolons are no longer reported as duplicates.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added "likely_rebels" province trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For country command remove_core, added "0" meaning remove cores by non-existent countries.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modified province command to add units, accepting ThisProvince.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed country triggers so that "catholic = 0 protestant = 0" in a single clause do not report errors.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.8 internal beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 When CSV files have incorrect column counts, an option exists to mass-fix.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added "is_crusade_target" country trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Improved casus belli "allowed_provinces" clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Mission effect clauses are now country scope, to ease debugging.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The "THIS" command in mission abort sections now always refers to countries.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.7 internal beta\b0\par
\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved AI validation.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 H3T: Improved validation of casus belli trigger clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed missions "chance" and "allow" scopes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Moved "rename_capital" from country command scope to province command scope.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed AI strategy clause to have "convert" rather than "convert_country". For real, this time.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.6 internal beta\b0\par
\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed the scope "any_core" to work as intended.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country trigger "prestige" will now no longer report duplicates when there is "prestige = THIS" and "prestige = .5" in the same trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country trigger "religion" will no longer report duplicates when there are calls to both a specific value and "THIS" in the same trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country trigger "religion_group" will no longer report duplicates when there are calls to both a specific value and "THIS" in the same trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country trigger "culture_group" will no longer report duplicates when there are calls to both a specific value and "THIS" in the same trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country trigger "primary_culture" will no longer report duplicates when there are calls to both a specific value and "THIS" in the same trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Invalid uses of FROM now give more information about the error.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The speed of deletion or suppression of many (thousands of) errors at the same time has been dramatically improved.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved mission validation for 'chance' and 'allow' clauses.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.5 internal beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug with context validation and the keyword FROM.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added temporary patch for problems when validating a CSV file, where the column count is incorrect.\par
\pard\i Rome\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added more commands and triggers.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed AI strategy clause to have "convert" rather than "convert_country".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added H3T "heir_claim" command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed "emperor" from country command add_core/remove_core and added it to the corresponding province command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}H3T: Moved [add | remove]_hre_[member | emperor]_modifier from country command scope to the base command scope.\par
\pard\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added localization validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added tech team validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added partial AI validation.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.4 internal beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Improved child duplication error messages.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When events have is_triggered_only set to true, but are never called, an error message results.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added validation for policies.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added missing modifier "merchant_own_cot_placement_chance".\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.3 internal beta\b0\par
\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Removed constraint that sum of probabilities in a random list must add up to 100 - the game engine will deal with it as needed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added <UnitType> = ThisCountry in province commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Mission type "empty_provinces" now uses country scope for "allow" and "chance" clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country command kill_ruler - removed type String, and added type Yes.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Country command kill_heir - for H3T, added type Yes.\par
\pard\par
\b v0.7.4.1/v0.7.4.2 beta\b0\par
\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Command and trigger validation improvements.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "load_oob" country command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "major" to country files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "local_resources" modifier command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed "military_access" declaration in unit files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "expeditionary_owner" declaration to air and naval units in unit files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "is_reserve" clause to "military_construction" in unit files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "experience" clauses to air wings, ships, and regiments.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "name" clause to "military_construction" in unit files.\par
\pard\i EuRome\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added give_title and remove_title clauses to character history.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Changed map positions "manufactory", "siege" and "siege_nudge" to optional.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.7.4 beta\b0\par
\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Finished adding many event commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added name clause in event command define_advisor.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved context validation.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.7.3 internal beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added a registry tab in the options dialog.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Will no longer crash when multiple instances are opened, but will close instead.\par
\pard\i General Validation\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Treatment of the quote character during parsing has changed, hopefully resulting in more errors being found.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Newlines are no longer accepted in quoted values.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added a date trigger, which has been added in 1.4.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}In OOB files, added "<tag> = \{ military_access = yes \}" clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}In country triggers, this and THIS clauses have been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed problem with AND, OR, and NOT in province triggers.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed typo in commands that caused DIP and dip to be unrecognized.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Optionally, define_ruler.leader may contain "type = general".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ht: Command add_core now accepts "emperor".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Trigger controlled_by now accepts "owner".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added casus belli types validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Trigger war_score has been changed from DblPercent to Percent.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country command this_remove_casus_belli = \{ type = <cb type> target = <event tag>.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Revamped the trigger system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed the integer of adm, dip, and mil to 1-9 inclusive.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.7.2 beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Duplicate ID errors now have their own problem correction.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed several bugs that would cause validation crash (mainly in Hoi3).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Double clicking will jump to "correct problem" if "show error details" is unavailable.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Pressing enter will now have the same action as double clicking.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed some annoyances with deleting and suppressing errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}A few options have been added to make selection of validators somewhat easier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}In a type mismatch error, when there is a match but with differing case, the match will be suggested.\par
\pard\i Validation Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added self-validation for the AtMostOne constriant.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added a RestrictedNumber constraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed the RestrictedInt constraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Moved the Percent type from code to Global.pdox.\par
\pard\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Many improvements in scenario validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug with division_exists trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When validating commands, empty clauses are accepted.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When validating commands, incorrect "type" entries are pointed to.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Changed free_* commands to accept doubles, as they should.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Changed garrison trigger to have the "area" clause be optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}In activate_division command, made when and where fields optional.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the info_may_cause command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command add_prov_resource now accepts a double for the value field.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added commands night_move, night_attack, night_defense.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added long form of technology trigger clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added disorg_division command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added lock_division and unlock_division commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the "where = relative" optional clause to build_time and build_cost.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands manpower, supply_consumption, and fuel_consumption now accept doubles for value.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added convoy_prod_mod command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Add new_model and scrap_model commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added weather and terrain attack/defense/movement modifier commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added minisub_bonus command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added allow_building command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added land_percentage, air_percentage, and naval_percentage triggers.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added range trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added songs command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed ground_def_eff command as it may not exist, and needs further documentation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command civil_war is no longer only optional, but a child.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commands build_cost and build_time now have doubles instead of ints for values.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command industrial_modifier.value is now a double instead of an int.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command industrial_multiplier has been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command sce_frequency.value is now double, not int.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added many scenario clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Moved Rank and Skill types from code.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Ht: Added dynasty clause to ruler clause in commands.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ht: Added birth_Date and death_Date in country history (as opposed to birth_date and death_date), because many vanilla files have that.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"tag" trigger can now accept This as well as Tag.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ht: Added "exclusive" option for province events, as seems to be the case.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ht: Added cultural_decisions and hre_decisions clauses to decisions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added ai_hard_strategy clause inside country files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added militarist and peaceful AI personalities.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province is_core trigger can now accept "current".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added nationalism province command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province revolt_risk command now accepts doubles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ht: Added infamy command, infamy trigger, and infamy modifier command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command define_ruler now accepts lowercase as well as uppercase adm, dip, mil.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added optional regency clause in define_ruler.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers infantry_in_province and galleys_in_province now accept THIS and tags as well as ints. units_in_province also accepts tags now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command set_revolution_target now accepts "XXX".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command with RebelType now accepts doubles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Trigger war_score now accepts -1.0 to 1.0, inclusive.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modifiers for events can now be from static_modifiers.txt as well.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Command remove_province_modifier can be used in country scope, and checks for proper modifier names.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added in trigger and command relation.who, possibilities of "league_leader" and "emperor".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed some redundant scope declarations in the triggers file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added threat_countries and sea_zones mission types.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province history - there can now be multiple revolts in a date clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Values for "adm", "dip", and "val" are restricted now to integers between 1 and 12, inclusive.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Triggers: Will now warn in case of "adm" and "ADM" in the same clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Trigger has_country_modifier will accept all sorts of modifiers now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added advisor types validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added price calculation validation.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.7.1 beta\b0\par
\i Bugfixes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 The type mismatch correction dialog will no longer crash when confronted with a read-only file.\i\par
\i0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed a PositivePercent bug.\i\par
\pard Crusader Kings\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Officially released for Crusader Kings Deus Vult.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Minor error in spelling of stability in triggers.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.7 beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Since it's internal architecture, you'll probably never notice this, but the validator has continued to become more and more modular. However you might notice a speed increase.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Package size is much smaller, since unnecessary files have been removed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}There has been a reorganization of the file system.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Startup switches "-extensiondir:<path>" and "-datadir:<path>" have been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Moved some classes to the extension dll.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed bug where repeatedly clicking the close button would sometimes cause an error information dialog box to open.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Multiselection of errors work as selected, including the context menu and shortcut keys.\par
\pard\i Validation Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Self validation is now fixed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added support for Lua scripting.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some very primitive For the Glory support.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added possibility that parsing csv files will not crash when there are extra columns.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Errors are shown in reverse again, to make life easier.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed type mismatch error dialog box corrections.\par
\pard\i Victoria\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Some validation converted to Lua script.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added -2 to possible values for where in revolt command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added continent trigger.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added some missing corruption types.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province.csv will no longer fail when there are too many columns.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added optional leader clause to land units.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Removed debug tag from country validation in scenarios, so that all unknown elements will be reported.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the satellite entry for countries.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added factory clause for countries.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added mobilization/mobilization_date clauses for countries.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added many other country clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added treaty clauses.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added AI validation.\par
\pard\i Hoi3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 As it should, change_manpower now accepts a double rather than an int.\par
\pard\i Eu3HttT\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 17blue17's hard work has been added.\par
\pard\i Eu3Both\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Eliminated many, many, many false positives by fixing the inheritance hierarchy.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Other small fixes.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.6.4 alpha internal unstable\par
\b0\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Schemes have been added, to simplify validation of multiple games and mods.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Singleline comments with ';' and '!' are now supported.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Clipboard copying is somewhat more reliable and will not crash.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the ability to surpress errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed an error with CSV parsing where whitespace in an empty line would result in an error.\par
\pard\i Validation Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 The global file now resides in the data folder.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}All types can now be named, whether inline or not.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Literal types can now be declared.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}SelfValidation.pdox is no longer used.\par
\pard\i Victoria\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added scenario validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added missing tags U97 to U99.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added some missing cultures, especially the culture_extra cultures.\par
\pard\i Eu3\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Event names, descriptions, and option names now must be from the localization files.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.6.3 beta\b0\par
\i General\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Fixed bug with Hoi3 technology validation where a crash always occurred.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When a Csv file fails to parse, instead of crashing the whole validation task, the file will simply be skipped.\par
\pard\i Eu3: HttT\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added dynasty node to monarchs in country history.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added heir node to country history.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added trade agreements and unions to diplomatic history.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Updated war history files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added units validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country color validation.\par
\pard\i Eu3: IN\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added country validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added units validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country color validation.\par
\pard\i Hoi2\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Converted files to the new format.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added some event validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added some EUG file validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added some INC file validation.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.6.2 beta\par
\b0\i Modding Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 In the NodeShim constraint, arguments can be decorated with "?" rather than an "Optional" argument and "*" rather than a "Child" argument.\par
\pard\i Victoria Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Leader backgrounds are now read from a static list rather than background_effects.csv. In particular, this fixes the bureaucrat_speed problem.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The trade union level "socialist" has been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The "which" argument of event command "account_eff" is now required.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The "add_division" command has been updated.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added types Division and Brigade.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"add_pop" command: "which" is now a culture or poptype; "where" can now also be "-1".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "allow_party" command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "build_division" command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"canal" command: Only accepts 1723 and 1002 now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"clrflag" command: No longer accepts a "value" argument.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"construct": "where" can now be -2, "which" accepts all it should.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Modified PopEffectScope to longer accept Ints.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added command "delete_unit".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added command "end_access".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added command "end_dominion_mastery".\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"end_satellite" no longer optionally accepts a which argument.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"leader" command added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"local_clrflag": Removed optional "value"\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"maximum_workhours": "which" now restricted to specific hours.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"peace": "value" argument can now be 0 or 1 only.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "prov_owner_war" command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}"railroad": "which" can be -1 as well now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added "research_time" command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}More command changes.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.6.1 beta\b0\par
\i General Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Removed the labels "Error Log" and "Status Log" to get some more vertical space.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}There is now a slider between the error log and status log.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added an error counter to the right of the status bar.\par
\pard\i Modding Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Self validation now checks many types of constraints.\par
\pard\i Eu3 Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 ProvinceTrigger/Command now inherits from CountryTrigger/Command rather than Trigger/Command.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Missions now only optionally have an "abort" clause.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Now checks province history.\par
\pard\i Hoi3 Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added event modifiers and static modifiers validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added more long-term modifiers.\par
\pard\i Ck Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Converted CK files to the new format.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Greatly improved event validation.\par
\pard\i Victoria Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Converted Victoria files to the new format.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Greatly improved event validation.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.6.0 beta internal\b0\par
\i General Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Many soft crashes when a pdo file is not well-formed have been turned into friendly error messages instead.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added tooltips for error log buttons.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Pdo files are now read with the default codepage (ASCII-like) which solves some problems.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some general improvements in speed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Log entries now size to text.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The ability to change font and font size has been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added a Type Mismatch dialog box.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added basic CK validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added basic Hoi2 validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Validation will now go backwards.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}People with the se-NO culture will see strange text. This is due to localization testing.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some localization is now possible, but mainly for the main window.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the "-testLoc" command line option which if selected will change the application's culture to "se-NO" and have strange text.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed a problem where tokens beginning with an underscore would be reported as errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed a problem where extra closing brackets were not reported as errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed other problems with the PDO parser.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Errors are no longer listed in reverse order.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Items in the error log now have a context menu, which among other things allows individual copying of errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Many more.\par
\pard\i Modding Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 It is now possible to localize friendly names of validators.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}It is now possible to localize game validator names.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}For validator definitions, some strings have been removed.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}CSV validation support has been added.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The validation file format has been changed a lot.\par
\pard\i Hoi2 DDA Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added minister validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added leader validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added army, navy, and air names validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added unit names validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Add revolt.txt validation.\par
\pard\i Hoi3 Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Event validation: the name of an event option no longer has to be a key.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event validation: A picture is longer required.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Event validation: Many Child converted to Single/Optional rather than explicit MinOccurs/MaxOccurs.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Unit validation: Updated some children to use templates.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Unit validation: radio_stength accepts a double instead of a positive int.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Tech validation: Updated some children to use templates.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Tech validation: Added radio_strength.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Tech validation: Added build_cost_ic, build_cost_manpower, and build_time to bridade change stats.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Tech validation: Added distance and night modifiers to naval brigade change stats.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Tech validation: Added sub_attack to air brigade change stats.\par
\pard\i Victoria Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Event validation: Event files are read from the scenario files now.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Invention validation: Invention validation has been merged into event validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added Technology validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added Party validation.\par
\pard\i Ck Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Added localization validation.\par
\pard\i Rome Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Country REB no longer reports errors.\par
\pard\b\par
0.5.1 beta (Released 19 Sep 2009) [Non-globally]\par
\b0\i General Changes\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\i0 Added basic and buggy Victoria support.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Games are now sorted in alphabetical order.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed an error where the message for duplicate ids made no sense.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}You can now copy validation errors to a text format by File -> Copy Errors.\b\par
\pard\b0\i Extension Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Each class can belong to multiple packages by separating each with a semicolon.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Package names may no longer contain semicolons.\par
\pard\i Eu3 Validation Changes\i0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 ProvinceTrigger now has <is_core> as a Child instead of an Optional, for cases such as <OR = \{ is_core = USA is_core = BEL \}>.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.5 beta (Released 18 Sep 2009)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 For importing objects from managed code, changed the ExportAttribute to accept package names instead.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the Packages = \{ Import = "<package name>" Import = "<package name> \{...\} \}" syntax.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added packages to Global.txt and the validation definition files.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the SeaProvince type.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Commas in doubles will now be reported.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}All subdirectories of Data will be searched for *.gam.txt files, not just the main Data folder.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The EU3 name has been slightly shortened.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When default.map does not exist, a more friendly error will be reported and validation will continue.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When the localisation folder does not exist, a more friendly error will be reported and validation will continue.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}HOI3 OOB now (correctly) allows attaching of land and naval units to a theater, army group, army, or corps.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The error log can now be edited when not validating.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Does not start maximized by default.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Default nonmaximized size changed to 720x960\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}By default, is centered.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Some updates to the error log.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}EU3 support is much improved (due to gigau's hard work).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Renamed Audax.ClausewitzValidator to Audax.Clausewitz.Validator.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}There will no longer be false positives for Eu3 countries NAT, REB, and PIR.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Constraints can now be added directly to a type.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}There is now an icon.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.4 beta (Released 5 Sep 2009)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 Some scoping has been moved from Audax.Clausewitz.Validator.Core.dll to Audax.Clausewitz.exe, so you should no longer access them in code.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The scope parameter has been removed from ConstraintFactory.CreateNewConstraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Constraints will no longer all resolve to UniqueId (in other words, you can create your own constraints now).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Validating multiple times without closing will no longer produce ill effects.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}OOB validator will no longer report an error when theatres/armygroups/divisions etc are on a naval or air unit, as they can be on transports.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The keywords FROM, THIS, and ALL are now accepted in uppercase form.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Province and land province types now actually check that the province is indeed valid.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The new "Province history files" validator will check that every land province has exactly one file in history\\provinces.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added character history validation for Rome.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country history validation for Rome.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added diplomacy history validation for Rome.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added province history validation for Rome.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added war history validation for Rome.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Minor bugfix to moddir (greatmen.txt and GreatMen.txt, for example, used to register as separate files).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added the optional terrain attribute to province history files for 1.2.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed a minor bug where searching a folder that existed in vanilla but not in moddir caused problems.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.3 beta (Released 1 Sep 2009)\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 Internal improvements in the way that templates are handled.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed an error with moddir where both files of the same name would be read on an extended folder.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Template type names in children will not be checked until they are actually used. This seems bad, but checking them involved addint the new templates in two places, which was very very brittle and easily forgettable.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Multiple inheritance of base children is now possible.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}In Or declarations, matching a child type is more flexible and allows for some errors.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When there is an error in the self validation file, the error will no longer errorenously be reported as due to a game file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Extension points have been moved to Audax.ClausewitzValidator.Core.dll. All extension assemblies should no longer reference Audax.Clausewitz.Validator.exe.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The former Audax.ClausewitzValidator.Core.dll is now Audax.ClausewitzValidator.Extension.dll.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Extension has been simplified by removing many ValidationContext parameters - all ValidationContext operations will operate directly or indirectly through ValidationContext.Default.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added Constraints - managed code that can be attached to a specific child for validation purposes. For example, an ID validator.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added an ID constraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Events now have an ID constraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Ministers now have an ID constraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Leaders now have an ID constraint.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added country history validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Checking uniqueness by string now implements the MinOccurs property.\par
\pard\li360\par
\pard\b 0.2 beta (Released 31 Aug 2009)\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 The Self Validator will now make use of the global file.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}GameDefinition has been renamed to Definition.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The Roots subnode has been removed - all types will stay in the Types subnode.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When no validator is selected on close, but there is a saved default selected validator, the saved default will no longer disappear. This often happens when there are problems parsint the validators.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Declarative string list types have improved error messages for file parse failures.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}More friendly error message when a directory is not found in a declarative string container validator.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}More friendly error message when a directory is not found in a declarative file validator.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added Eu3 history advisor validation support.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added Eu3 history war validation support.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added Eu3 history diplomacy validation support.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Added Eu3 country history validation support.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.1.4 beta (Released 30 Aug 2009)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 False positives will no longer be reported when parsing doubles in cultures without the '.' character in numbers.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.1.3 beta (Released 30 Aug 2009)\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 The error log now includes the version number.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When there is an error while the main window is closing, the application will no longer hang.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Loading localization will no longer cause an error when there are multiple blank lines.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.1.2 beta (Released 30 Aug 2009)\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 When an invalid directory path is typed in, the Validate button will no longer be disabled.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}A strange crash when clicking "Validate" has been fixed.\par
\pard\par
\b 0.1.1 beta (Released 30 Aug 2009)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\b0 When there is an unhandled exception, error information will be logged in log.txt.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}When the application is closed while running a validation, the validation will be cancelled so that the application will exit properly.\b\par
\b0{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}The application will now check for the .NET framework version, and if the version is not 3.5 SP1 or higher, the application will close after offering to open a link to the download.\b\par
\pard\par
0.1 beta (Released 30 Aug 2009)\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720 First release\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\par
}
 